>> Mike: So we're gonna go through
the solution to this mixins exercise here.
Let me begin by kind of
resetting some stuff.
Killing my existing server,
and starting up the new one.
>> Mike: Mixins, great.
All right, so
there are the buttons that we have and
you can see that we've
got a bunch of tests.
There's one test set,
one set of assertions per button color,
asserting that we have in fact
gotten the colors correct.
If we open the mixins folder and
look at our scss here.
We've got app.scss, variables and
mixins and if we look at app,
we've brought in the variables first and
then the mixins as I advised earlier
as we were leading up to this.
And you can see that
we've got some default stuff going
on here that applies to all buttons.
And then we are consuming a mixin for
each of these seven colors.
In one case we're using a variable,
in others we're using a color literal,
just a hex value for color.
And it's a little disappointing cuz
on the right everything is gray and
that's not we're aiming for.
So what I'm gonna do is
go to the mixins file and
you can see here,
we've taken this variable color.
So this is only available within
the context of this mixin and
we can begin with,
>> Mike: Oops, background color
of color.
>> Mike: All right, so this is great.
Now if we look at our tests,
it's a subtle change.
They did change a little bit.
Let's see.
>> Mike: Maybe they didn't.
Well, they're complaining
about a font color now.
It may be that it's failing font color
before it even gets to background.
So it's saying that it expected to
find fff, it found 000 instead.
So let's try this, and the test passed.
So pretty simple to go through.
Now if we look at our CSS,
does anyone have a problem with
what we're looking at here?
Is there an improvement we can make?
If I required that we make this
file smaller, the CSS file smaller,
what could we do?
>> Speaker 2: Could you define the text as
white as more of a global?
>> Mike: Yes, I could.
And so here we've used something in
the mixin that is not dependent on
the variable being passed in.
It applies no matter what, right.
So the idea here is if I want to get
rid of this repeated style declaration
on a pro color basis,
we're currently at 53 lines.
And put that, we're failing now, put that
over here in the root button style block.
We end up cutting it down
pretty significantly.
This is what you wanna use whenever
you're creating these little
modifier flags like this.
You want them to be scoped to only
those things that variables pertain to.
And you want to move as much as possible
out into a single style declaration.
So that basically the cost of adding
additional button colors here
is significantly cheaper in terms
of the overall size of our SASS.
Now it may seem like just a few lines
here, but this practice in aggregate
can shrink the overall size
of your CSS by a lot, right?
Remember this is a very simple button and
a very simple,
like one line mixin,
two line or one line mixin.
In reality, it's likely that
these will be much bigger, right?
And so you will end up saving
proportionately much more.